Designation: Data Analyst
Location: Colombo
Your key role and responsibilities
Participate in business requirements and design review sessions and work directly with business units to define and prototype Power BI Applications
Perform quality coding from business and technical specifications
Extract, transform and load data from proprietary SQL databases into Power BI applications
Develop, test and debug Power BI application
Migrate code across production, development, and testing environments
Create and maintain technical design documentation
Interact with different teams to design, create and tune physical database objects (tables, views,
indexes) to support logical and dimensional models
Source data from disparate systems with a good understanding of their Data Models and ETL procedures
Skills and attributes for success

BE/BTech/MCA/MBA with adequate industry experience
Should be at least around 5 years of experience in Enterprise intelligence
2+ years of hands on experience utilizing Power BI to implement analytical solutions accessing and integrating data from multiple sources
2+ years of hands on experience developing Business Intelligence (BI) and Analytical Solutions.
Ingesting data from a variety of corporate data sources and performing required transformations in Power BI query editor.
Build dashboards, reports and cubes using SQL, MDX, DAX, Power BI.
Developing calculations in DAX which are accurate and performant on large datasets.
Designing effective layouts using themes and report grids, working closely with our UX design team.
Utilising the navigation features in Power BI (e.g. bookmarks, drill-throughs) to guide readers through a compelling data-driven story.
Deployment and other admin related activities such as scheduling data refresh, sending outputs to users via mail, access control etc.
Publishing reports via the Power BI service, managing them through distribution of apps and monitoring usage/data refreshes/security access.
Knowledge of cloud computing, preferably on Azure.
Strong DWH basics.
Strong data modelling skills.
Familiar with Agile and Waterfall SDLC process
Strong SQL skills
Should be at least 2 years of experience in Enterprise intelligence
Strong SQL and PL/SQL skills
Create database objects and T-SQL scripts